also each one must be toggable : on off , and a master key for toggle off all with "i"


shortcuts keys must be ctrl+ num from 1 .. 9 and ctrl + 0 for toggle
shortcuts keys must be from 1 do 9 and 1 is top left 2 top center 3 top right , 4 middle left , 5 middle center , 6 middle right , 7 bottom left , 8 bottom center , 9 bottom right , 0 toggle all on off
shortcut keys alt+ctrl are modifier the same notifications that ctrl+1 controls: ex 1 is a modifier for top left notification when pressed it displays text on 2 line and pressed again it displays text on one line.
when a modifier shortcut is pressed it changes the behaviour of the notification ex: ctrl+alt+1 -> show number and text on one vs 2 lines
about center: , center-center the middle of the screen -  notification this one is special it will be used for displaying various text content like a messaging system we will use it for various messages ,
this will be the app general message queue we will diplay all sorts of messages we need it to show and then gradually hide , ex show 10 sec (configurable in constants) and then hide .
i need it to show ex: if user has pressed ctrl+0 and hide all notifications center center dysplays : info pannels OFF , when toggle of and Info panels : ON , and other such kind off messages
like: Reset to Defaults , when shift+0 pressed, or All effect reset to defaults and so on , but without trivial actions like next image , and previous image we do not want to
overflood the user,also center center must be configurable independantly from all other notifications , its color size and font must be controllable separately from all other notifications

right now shortcuts are ctrl+akt+1..9 i dont want that
-- i want a key to toggle all backgrounds of all overlays currnty its black with little transperancy , first the color must be set from constants and a toogle in constants on /off

implement:
 - implemnt a max/min zoom  store in constants , and when we are at the pixel level display a grid so i can clearly see each pixel


!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One Potential Bottleneck: The std::function Overhead
You are pushing std::function<void()> tasks into your queues.
The Cost: Every time you std::move a std::function or capture variables in a lambda, you might trigger a heap allocation if the lambda closure is larger than a small pointer size (usually 16–32 bytes).
The Fix: If you find the decoder thread is "stuttering" during very high-speed scrolling, check the size of the lambdas you are pushing. For the g_decoderWorker, try to capture pointers rather than objects to keep the closure size under the "Small Object Optimization" limit, which avoids heap allocations during the task dispatch.
how to fix where in conde

hello i give up on custom cursors i have  leave this as is now its time to make the history persistent across reboots we need a way to save history on exit what is the best aproach


NEXT BIG TASK for QuickImageViewer by Ivan Hristov Yanev:


Optional but not top priority:
-Fade transition (200–500 ms)
-Ken Burns pan/zoom effect (optional)
-Remember slideshow settings

2.Fix Help Window its incomplete
-make help window slider because text is overflown.
-add all missing messages
-make sections
-add command line parameters with description in a section
-make the help window button export to text file so help can be read from file


LOW Priority furure Ideas:
Once the slideshow mode is complete, QIV could also support:
1.Low priority ideas
1.1.Kiosk mode
1.2.Photo frame mode
1.3.Exhibition mode
1.4.Digital signage mode
1.5.Startup automation for information displays
*without requiring major architectural changes.

2. Presentation Mode 🎤:

Useful during talks or meetings.

Characteristics:

Fullscreen
Manual navigation
Optional timer
Minimal UI
Black screen shortcut
White screen shortcut

Think PowerPoint, but for image collections.



task 12: make a key to start stop slideshow : i suggest ctrl+F1 play/stop toggle , this task requires us create a slideshow struct or class because we will have parameters in it,also we need cente center overlays to tell us play stop etc..

️ Adjustable interval (1 s, 2 s, 5 s, 10 s, 30 s, etc.) in constant.h
🔁 Loop when reaching the last image - contant.h true /false
🔀 Optional shuffle mode - contant.h true /false
⏸️ Pause/resume with ctrl+F1 - also in constants.h
⌨️ Arrow keys to manually skip while the slideshow is running
🖱️ Hide the mouse cursor after a few seconds of inactivity when in slideshow - also controlabble in constants.h
ℹ️ Show slideshow status using the existing overlay system example:Slideshow Started
                  Slideshow Paused
                  Interval: 5 seconds
                  Shuffle: ON
                  Loop: ON


task 13:new commandline parameters :
 currently i have :1. -background(to start in background as a service like)
 1.1. -fullscreen(for fullscreen),
 1.2. -windowedView(for windowed view),
 1.3. -slideshow(autoStart slideShow mode),
 1.4. -monitorNum#3 (which monitor to start app display in),
 1.5  -startFolder (for slideshow and normal operation but mainly used in slideshow)
 1.6. -hideMouse(start with mouse hidden maily for slideshow)
 1.7. -lock(to lock the viewer so it does not move and does not accept keyboard and mouse.Like KIOSK),
 1.8. -awaysOnTop(make app aways on top)


 task 14: all constants to be saved on disk and read from disk so i can have settings now which remembers the state and if no file exists use buildIn constants.
